Game Development Documentation 

Turn Based Rogue-Like

Run resets if a character dies.
Players take turns with the enemies.
Dungeon Crawler, branching paths - tree style (converges towards boss encounter)

Different character options. Each character has one type of weapon, they can upgrade these weapons throughout the run.

Weapon durability?
Negative character traits? Maybe be given a negative perk whenever you get a really good one or maybe characters have an innate weakness.
Debuffs?
Random events? Chests can pop up to give random buffs to player

Eventually, the player can unlock alternative starting weapons for each character for different play styles i.e, the swordsman can switch to a greatsword or dual-blades.
Character can choose from attacks, items, or abilities each turn
Characters gain or upgrade attacks throughout the run. They can gain new attacks after defeating a main boss or mini boss.
Character based skill tree level up after number of defeated enemies, Weapon based level up after bosses

Multiple stages. Each stage has a branching tree style where the player can choose rooms to go to. These rooms can be fighting rooms, healing rooms, shops, or mini bosses.
Fantasy themed
2D characters, 3D backgrounds
Player’s character will be 2D, enemies will be 2D as well. The Background will be 3D to add contrast. 
Each stage will have a different background and enemy theme.







 
 
 
 
Game Development Documentation  
 
Genre: Turn Based Rogue-Like 
 
Run resets if a character dies. Players take turns with the enemies. 
The game will be a dungeon crawler. There will be multiple stages that contain rooms within. Each stage will contain paths with a tree-based style that converges towards a boss encounter at the end. 
 
The game will contain different character options. Each character has one type of weapon, i.e. swords or wands. They can upgrade these weapons throughout the run. 
Eventually, the player can unlock alternative starting weapons for each character for different play styles i.e., the swordsman can switch to a great sword or dual blades. 
The character will be able to choose from attacks, items, or abilities each turn. 
 
Characters gain or upgrade attacks that are tied to their weapon throughout the run. They can gain new attacks and skills after defeating a main boss or mini boss: 
Character based skill tree level up after number of defeated enemies or number of rooms.
Weapon based level up after bosses. 
Chance to get a negative perk when receiving some rare skills.
 
Multiple stages. Each stage has a branching tree style where the player can choose rooms to go to. These rooms can be fighting rooms, mystery rooms, healing rooms, shops, or mini bosses. 
Mystery rooms can include different events. Chests with buffs can appear, enemies can appear, or a shop can appear. 
The game will be fantasy themed. Player’s character will be 2D, enemies will be 2D as well. The Background will be 3D to add contrast.  
Each stage will have a different background and enemy theme. 
 
 

